This video I'm going to show how to see the laser scan information into Rosebank file and how to play
it.
Of course this operation is useful because not everybody has a laser scanner.
And later on there will be some and exercises to do.
Probably not all of you would have a laser scanner to get the messages from really bites.
So I'm going now to record all the messages coming from this country.
And later on we can play them again so that the messages will be coming as they are really coming from
the real device.
Let's see how can we do that.
First of all I need to start Lescaut and then we need to start the driver of the laser scanner.
In this case I'm going to show you these range finder
and then I would create a static transformer publisher as you already know so in order to define the
location of the laser with respect to what frame.
As already explained before.
And then we need to create a new folder where to put the log information.
I'm going to call these front back files OK and then we go to the butterflies of course initially it
is empty before starting the logging of the messages.
Let me Arbys first run armies and navies as usual.
The information about the laser scanner.
So here we need to select the scan to pick the laser scanner visualization we can increase the font.
So it is more visible and they can also show the frame of the laser itself which is this one.
Ok now I'm ready to start recording what they can do is not to use the rest but require Dash 8.
So Leslie is going to record everything they can specify whether they want to record one topic or two
topics but I'm going to record everything.
Not as you can see it starts to put into a log file all the messages coming from these different topics.
So in the meanwhile you can see now this is the laser scanner.
Everything is being recorded.
I'm going to move in front of the laser and you'll see me moving right in front of the lens.
So later when we are going to play back again you'll see that the same motion is going to be replayed
in the same way.
So I'm going to start pulling now of service OK sir.
This is a form that is not the case of movie.
He is just capturing this
so it's all white and then later on.
Well I think it's going to be played exactly the same.
Now and into those warm
OK.
So I have everything that
I'm going to close everything now
goes armies so we can stop recording
I would stop everything now.
Even the driver and us know.
OK so let me go to again.
And way to run articles.
I will add the laser scanner.
I mean those are the axes of course.
There is nothing to show now because nothing is playing.
There is not even a topic here.
Now the idea is actually to play again.
So looking at the point of the backfires you can find now a new log file that is called.
This is the date of the get back so we can play this fight again.
We can look at the formation of the butterfly using respect for this or the formation.
This is the path.
This is the version the duration the start the undie the signs and make up by the number of messages
and the different topics that were monitored and recorded.
So now if you want to play the bat file we can use the rest but they then the Badfinger.
So now it is playing
now I can play the message and you will observe now that the same operation that was done we sort of
are going to be replayed and repeat it.
So we wait a little bit and we will see now the object moving around.
OK so the motion has started.
Now you can see here.
This is the place where I was moving.
So I was going to continue moving in the same way that it was required.
OK.
Now the objective.
So we can actually use the same backside in order to work with this topic to process the information
coming in and the ugly times.
So this is a useful method if you want to split a particular events into a bug fight and then you can
play them and the Balata algorithm and test your algorithms with respect to the event that are stored
in the log file.
So this is when I come close to the sensor then going backward then we start recording of it.
So the bagpipe is going to continue to play until it stops up dramatically and you can see everything
was stopped.
The and this is the way how we can actually store the information about not only this country but any
kind of topic it can be recorded using those but then play game in the next video.
I'm going to show how to write a note that subscribes to the skun topic whatever it comes from but it
comes from a real laser.
And then I will show you how to process this information both in Bison and C++.